feat(rds): add rds MySQL database privileges data source (#4044)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/rds_mysql_databases_privileges.md

---
subcategory: "Relational Database Service (RDS)"
---

# huaweicloud_rds_mysql_databases_privileges

> Use this data source to get the list of RDS MySQL databases privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to get the list of RDS MySQL database privileges.
```

Author: done

## Example Usage

```hcl
var "instance_id" {}
var "db_name" {}

data "huaweicloud_rds_mysql_databases_privileges" "test" {
  instance_id = var.instance_id
  db_name     = var.db_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the data source.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of the RDS instance.

> * `db_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the account name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `db_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the database name.
```

Author: done

> * `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the character set used by the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `username` - (Optional, String) Specifies the username of the database account.
```

Author: done

> * `readonly` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies the read-only permission. Values option: **true**, **false**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `readonly` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies the read-only permission. Values option:
```
and add a default value

Author: done

  + **true**: indicates the database is read-only.
  + **false**: indicates the database is readable and writable.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `users` - The list of databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `users` - The list of the accounts that accociated with the database.
```

Author: done

  The [users](#RDS_mysql_databases_privileges) structure is documented below.

<a name="RDS_mysql_databases_privileges"></a>
The `users` block supports:

> * `name` - The database name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - The username of the database account.
```

Author: done
